README.md, before:

# conky-grapes

**The Github repository is only a mirror, only for visibility purppose.** I use GitLab CE for my own projects (which now has mirroring feature on Community Edition).

You can authenticate on my gitlab server using your Github or Gitlab account to submit issues or merge requests.

### Updates
- 2018-04-04: tagging first stable as reference.
- 2018-01-28: Activating mirror between gitlab and github for this project. Also latest updates should allow the script to work on gnome-shell (though there might still be shome issues).
- 2017-08-13: New io_wait ring! Due to the nature of io_wait monitoring in conky, I reversed display for this one. In the middle you will see average values for reads and writes and the rigns will show the 3 processes using most IO.
It's not perfect, but it can point out which process is creating a bottleneck.

## What is it
This repository aims at providing you everything you need to be able to **very quickly** build a fantastic grape-shaped lua/ conky adapted to your machine including:
* Metrics on temperature, cpu (maximum fixed to 8 cpu to display), disks (maximum 3 filesystem), memory (ram and swap), networking (we select the interface used as default gateway),
and battery when relevant.
* Visual monitoring for high temperature, low disk space and low battery charge (orange is warning, red is critical)
* A set of pre-defined colours that allows to easily adapt your settings to different backgrounds (colors can be added/ changed in the python file fairly easily).
* Possibility to select different colors for the rings, the section titles, and the text.

_note: the limits on cpu and filesystems are for display reason._

![](https://lut.im/Mp72GdjYmf/AfqHqBsvmWCqY3yP)

## Why use it
To tune up your desktop of course! It is under [GPLv3 License](gpl-3.0.txt), so feel free to use, study, improve and share as you please.


## How to use it
* If you already know your way around, all you need is:
  - install conky-full
  - clone this repo to ~/conky/conky-grapes
  - install the fonts
  - use `create_config.py` to generate your configuration
  - enjoy color combinations and spend a fairly big amount of time looking at those magic rings

```
 -----------------------------
< ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD! >
 -----------------------------
        \   ^__^
         \  (@@)\_______
            (__)\       )\/\
             U ||----w |
                ||     ||
```

* If you haven't used or set up any conky before, please go to the [Wiki](https://gitlab.nomagic.fr/popi/conky-grapes/wikis/home) page (that you can also edit with your inputs!)

Commit message:

changing --arch option for --old, reversing effect so that by default script is optimised for recent OS

README.md, after:

# conky-grapes

**The Github repository is only a mirror, only for visibility purppose.** I use GitLab CE for my own projects (which now has mirroring feature on Community Edition).

You can authenticate on my gitlab server using your Github or Gitlab account to submit issues or merge requests.

### Updates
- 2018-07-22: changed option `--arch` to `--old` with reverse meaning, so that by default we create config for freetype >= 2.8.
- 2018-04-04: tagging first stable as reference.
- 2018-01-28: Activating mirror between gitlab and github for this project. Also latest updates should allow the script to work on gnome-shell (though there might still be shome issues).
- 2017-08-13: New io_wait ring! Due to the nature of io_wait monitoring in conky, I reversed display for this one. In the middle you will see average values for reads and writes and the rigns will show the 3 processes using most IO.
It's not perfect, but it can point out which process is creating a bottleneck.

## What is it
This repository aims at providing you everything you need to be able to **very quickly** build a fantastic grape-shaped lua/ conky adapted to your machine including:
* Metrics on temperature, cpu (maximum fixed to 8 cpu to display), disks (maximum 3 filesystem), memory (ram and swap), networking (we select the interface used as default gateway),
and battery when relevant.
* Visual monitoring for high temperature, low disk space and low battery charge (orange is warning, red is critical)
* A set of pre-defined colours that allows to easily adapt your settings to different backgrounds (colors can be added/ changed in the python file fairly easily).
* Possibility to select different colors for the rings, the section titles, and the text.

_note: the limits on cpu and filesystems are for display reason._

![](https://lut.im/Mp72GdjYmf/AfqHqBsvmWCqY3yP)

## Why use it
To tune up your desktop of course! It is under [GPLv3 License](gpl-3.0.txt), so feel free to use, study, improve and share as you please.


## How to use it
* If you already know your way around, all you need is:
  - install conky-full
  - clone this repo to ~/conky/conky-grapes
  - install the fonts
  - use `create_config.py` to generate your configuration
  - enjoy color combinations and spend a fairly big amount of time looking at those magic rings

```
 -----------------------------
< ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD! >
 -----------------------------
        \   ^__^
         \  (@@)\_______
            (__)\       )\/\
             U ||----w |
                ||     ||
```

* If you haven't used or set up any conky before, please go to the [Wiki](https://gitlab.nomagic.fr/popi/conky-grapes/wikis/home) page (that you can also edit with your inputs!)
